Placeholders in Classic (#4884)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/archive-sign-in-to-spa-embedded-widget/main/vue/guide.md

import { OktaAuth } from '@okta/okta-auth-js'

const oktaSignIn = new OktaSignIn({
  baseUrl: 'https://{yourOktaDomain}',
  clientId: '{clientId}',
  redirectUri: 'http://localhost:8080/login/callback',
  authParams: {
    pkce: true,
    issuer: 'https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default',
    display: 'page',
    scopes: ['openid', 'profile', 'email']
  }
});

const oktaAuth = new OktaAuth({
  issuer: 'https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default',
  clientId: '{clientId}',
  redirectUri: window.location.origin + '/login/callback',
  scopes: ['openid', 'profile', 'email']
})

export { oktaAuth, oktaSignIn };
```

Make sure to replace the `{...}` placeholders with values from your OIDC app on Okta.

> > **Note:** In Okta Sign-In Widget version 7+, [Okta Identity Engine](/docs/concepts/oie-intro) is enabled by default. If you are using version 7+ and want to use Okta Classic Engine rather than Identity Engine, you need to specify `useClassicEngine: true` in the [configuration options](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#configuration) passed into the `new OktaSignIn()` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In Okta Sign-In Widget version 7 or later, [Okta Identity Engine](/docs/concepts/oie-intro) is enabled by default. If you're using version 7 or later and want to use Okta Classic Engine rather than Identity Engine, you need to specify `useClassicEngine: true` in the [configuration options](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#configuration) passed into the `new OktaSignIn()` call.
```
